something link the Alexia and focus on
the crystal at the urban flow of time
wash over you
the temple of Karim or no it cannot be
we are under attack pause the barricade
protect the defense crystal at all costs
we couldn't stop the doc star profit the
iron horde have taken the harbor watch
your head I am captured incoming
the fleet command of shows himself
enough playtime's over ships and my dad
died on
oh the defense crystal was our only hope
now breaking through retreat Stan tomato
stew me champion we went from your help
as long as I live cut of all shall not
fall profits bureaucrats are meaningless
witness the kill mites of the iron horde
I cannot hold them back
no this cannot be the four
who gives us to this destiny to save
kalabaw must stop him make me back a
twilight a champion
much
sometimes obesity school
you